---
head.description: 'I am using this starter kit to hold all my apps that I have on Google Play Store, because it let me focus on the content, not on the theme!'
---

# About PWA Starter App
:MdcHeader{ line1="I'm a PWA Starter App" line2="and a layer two template" line3="based on Create Google App" line4="simplify the app-building"}

::TabGroup
::::TabItem{name="Why?"}
I'm using this as a starter kit, because I want the same theme in all my apps, and focus on the content when I'm writing content.

Maybe the most important thing is that the content on my pages is heavy (and serious) - and its about words, not pictures or videos. 

When it takes about on hour to read only one article, you need the futures in this repo; 
- with search-functionalities, 
- collapseble accordions, 
- and a amazing catalog with overview of the content.[^1]
::::

::::TabItem{name="Layer1 and 2"}
This layer 2 have only one package that this app is created from: [Create Google App](https://github.com/lovkyndig/create-google-app){:target="_blank" .text-blue-500 .hover:text-blue-600 .transition-colors .duration-300}.

The parent them "Create Google App" is the layer1, who holds all the css, javascript, plugins etc. etc.

If you want to focus on the content, this template givs the oportunity to that.
::::

::::TabItem{name="Support?"}
If you are new in this games, please ask me questions! Write a [question](https://github.com/lovkyndig/pwa-starter-app/discussions/categories/q-a){:target="_blank" .text-blue-500 .hover:text-blue-600 .transition-colors .duration-300}, or a comment below. Then I will get in touch as soon I get the message.
::::

::

[^1]: The catalog is opened in upper right corner (in big screens) or in the bottom (on mobile). The pages loads with all accordions collapsed. Open the catalog, push on of the buttons in the bottom and then the link-button. NB! It's not showing on this page, only on blog-pages.