---
series: catechism
articleType: note
showTime: false
showOutdatedWarning: false
created: 2023-11-22
updated: 2023-11-22
tags:
  - prayer
---

# The lord's prayer
THE PRAYER, OR "OUR FATHER," WHICH CHRIST TAUGHT

Our Father who art in heaven.

## 1. Hallowed be Thy name.
1. Hallowed be Thy name.

## 2. Thy kingdom come.
2. Thy kingdom come.

## 3. Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven.
3. Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven.

## 4. Give us this day our daily bread.
4. Give us this day our daily bread.

## 5. And forgive us
5. And forgive us our trespasses as we for give those who trespass against us.

## 6. And lead us not into temptation.
6. And lead us not into temptation.

## 7. But deliver us from evil.
7. But deliver us from evil. [For Thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory, forever and ever.] Amen.

## Summa
These are the most necessary parts which one should first learn to repeat word for word, and which our children should be accustomed to recite daily when they arise in the morning, when they sit down to their meals, and when they retire at night; and until they repeat them, they should be given neither food nor drink. Likewise every head of a household is obliged to do the same with respect to his domestics, man-servants and maid-servants, and not to keep them in his house if they do not know these things and are unwilling to learn them. For a person who is so rude and unruly as to be unwilling to learn these things is not to be tolerated; for in these three parts everything that we have in the Scriptures is comprehended in short, plain, and simple terms. For the holy Fathers or apostles (whoever they were) have thus embraced in a summary the doctrine, life, wisdom, and art of Christians, of which they speak and treat, and with which they are occupied.

Now, when these three parts are apprehended, it behooves a person also to know what to say concerning our Sacraments, which Christ Himself instituted, Baptism and the holy body and blood of Christ, namely, the text which Matthew 28, 19ff and Mark 16, 15f record at the close of their Gospels when Christ said farewell to His disciples and sent them forth.

<!-- 
Made by laywer Kyrie Eleison 2023.
-->